Now we should be trimming/repositioning stuff to get the optimal user/admin workflow.
The AdminView home page should be changed with the Locations, the overview of each location is ideal for viewing, rather than the latest shift reports. The latest shift reports are just on the Shift Reports page. So the new home page should be the Weeky Location Overviews (the boxes) with the Top Valet highlights and a highlighted warning looking message box with an "!" and the number of shift notes this week. Clicking the shift notes will take you to a list of shift notes, shown per location.
For the Locations page, it should now be used to manage the Locations, also would be nice to have a "ROSTER" list for each location where, as an admin, I can keep track of valets who are trained on the protocols of that spot. This isnt really a "Group" as we have them defined in our program before, more just a place to keep a list of all of the trained guys. Replace the boxes we had, with just simple boxes with text that say the location name, when clicked on you can there edit the properties.
As of now, there is only the community admin view, but there is no community view for the admin if that makes sense, The admin should be included in the community too! also add reply/thread feature.
The analytics page is a bit empty... something so small as "Total Shift Reports" doesnt need to take up that much space. Additionaly, there needs to be many more statistics in here, I want numbers galore! a statitions wet dream, if you will. A place where the admin can come and see actual metrics, im talking growth on locations over time in a percentage, total money passed through, total money in payouts, total man hours, man hours per spot difference weekly by percentage, etc.  The more useful information, the better! It all should be able to be calculated with the data provided in the shift reports. Having a per locations view and a Overall total view would be a nice touch, like two tabs or something.
The leaderboard page doesnt have the same styling as the rest of our site. Please highlight top 3 spots in different colors to represent gold,silver,bronze, there should also be a weekly leaderboard view, with the same arrow < > functionality to see previous/next weeks
